README.md, before:

Escher (plugin for Omeka)
=========================

[Escher] is a plugin for [Omeka Classic] that allows to install Omeka plugins
and themes from https://omeka.org and from the web (https://github.com and https://gitlab.com).


Installation
------------

Uncompress files and rename plugin folder `Escher`.


Usage
-----

As shown below, simply select the desired plugin or theme and click "upload"

![Escher](https://www.acugis.com/blogs/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/Escher.gif)


Warning
-------

Use it at your own risk.

It’s always recommended to backup your files and database regularly so you can
roll back if needed.


Troubleshooting
---------------

See online issues on the [plugin issues] page.


License
-------

This plugin is published under [GNU/GPL].

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.


Contact
-------

Current maintainers:

* [AcuGIS]
* Daniel Berthereau (see [Daniel-KM] on GitHub)


Copyright
---------

* Copyright AcuGIS, 2016
* Copyright Daniel Berthereau, 2017


[Escher]: https://github.com/AcuGIS/Escher
[Omeka]: https://www.omeka.org
[Omeka Classic]: https://omeka.org
[plugin issues]: https://forum.omeka.org
[GNU/GPL]: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html
[AcuGIS]: https://www.acugis.com
[Daniel-KM]: https://github.com/Daniel-KM "Daniel Berthereau"

Commit message:

Added a message to get more information.

README.md, after:

Escher (plugin for Omeka)
=========================

[Escher] is a plugin for [Omeka Classic] that allows to install Omeka plugins
and themes from https://omeka.org and from the web (https://github.com and https://gitlab.com).

For more information on addons, see the pages [plugins] and [themes], or on [Omeka.org].


Installation
------------

Uncompress files and rename plugin folder `Escher`.


Usage
-----

As shown below, simply select the desired plugin or theme and click "upload"

![Escher](https://www.acugis.com/blogs/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/Escher.gif)


Warning
-------

Use it at your own risk.

It’s always recommended to backup your files and database regularly so you can
roll back if needed.


Troubleshooting
---------------

See online issues on the [plugin issues] page.


License
-------

This plugin is published under [GNU/GPL].

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software
Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more
details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with
this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc.,
51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA.


Contact
-------

Current maintainers:

* [AcuGIS]
* Daniel Berthereau (see [Daniel-KM] on GitHub)


Copyright
---------

* Copyright AcuGIS, 2016
* Copyright Daniel Berthereau, 2017


[Escher]: https://github.com/AcuGIS/Escher
[Omeka]: https://www.omeka.org
[Omeka Classic]: https://omeka.org
[plugins]: https://daniel-km.github.io/UpgradeToOmekaS/omeka_plugins.html
[themes]: https://daniel-km.github.io/UpgradeToOmekaS/omeka_themes.html
[Omeka.org]: https://omeka.org/add-ons
[plugin issues]: https://forum.omeka.org
[GNU/GPL]: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.html
[AcuGIS]: https://www.acugis.com
[Daniel-KM]: https://github.com/Daniel-KM "Daniel Berthereau"
